docs: warn react users about hmr not working when using @vite/plugin-react-swc (#770)
crxjs/chrome-extension-tools: packages/vite-plugin-docs/docs/getting-started/_create-project-tabs.mdx

CRXJS support for Vite 3 is in beta.

:::

:::info react users

> Do not use "swc" option - following library [does not support HMR in CRXJS](https://github.com/crxjs/chrome-extension-tools/issues/723) -> @vite/plugin-react-swc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HMR in CRXJS is incompatible with `@vite/plugin-react-swc`. We recommend using @vitejs/plugin-react instead.
```
